Tao in the world is like a river flowing home to the sea.
Respect of Tao and honour of Virtue are not demanded,
The Tao is an empty vessel; it is used, but never filled.
The Tao is forever undefined.
In the pursuit of Tao, every day something is dropped.
The foolish student hears of the Tao and laughs aloud.
The Tao is elusive and intangible.
The Tao is hidden and without name.
The greatest Virtue is to follow Tao and Tao alone.
The Tao begot one.
Everyone under heaven says that my Tao is great and beyond compare.
When the Tao is absent from the universe,
When the Tao is present in the universe,
Thus the ten thousand things all respect Tao and honour Virtue.
Whatever is contrary to Tao will not last long.
The Tao of heaven is to take from those who have too much
The Tao of heaven is impartial.
Being at one with the Tao is eternal.
Tao follows what is natural.
Therefore followers of the Tao never used them.
Therefore followers of the Tao avoid them.
The Tao of heaven is pointed but does no harm.
When the great Tao is forgotten,
The average student hears of the Tao and gives it thought now and again.
The Tao of long life and eternal vision.
Tao abides in non-action,
But remain still and offered the Tao.
It flows in places men reject and so is like the Tao.
It flows in places men reject and so is like the Tao.
iniquity. To the Taoists the low ground is the dwelling place of the Tao.
Knowledge of the future is only a flowery trapping of the Tao.
Returning is the motion of the Tao.
According to followers of the Tao,
Yielding is the way of the Tao.
Being divine, you will be at one with the Tao.
When you are at one with the Tao,
is at one with the Tao.
Heaven follows the Tao.
He who follows the Tao
That which goes against the Tao
Knowing the ancient beginning is the essence of Tao.
Only the man of Tao.
Whenever you advise a ruler in the way of Tao,
This is not the way of Tao.
This is not the way of Tao.
This is certainly not the way of Tao.
Approach the universe with Tao,
The Tao that can be told is not the eternal Tao.
All things arise from Tao.
Therefore all things arise from Tao.
Call it Tao.
Stay with the ancient Tao,
But a description of the Tao seems without substance or flavor.
The Tao of heaven does not strive, and yet it overcomes.
Tao is the source of the ten thousand things.
If there were no laughter, the Tao would not be what it is.
In the beginning those who knew the Tao did not try to enlighten others,
Therefore when Tao is lost, there is goodness.
Therefore, "Tao is great;
The great Tao flows everywhere, both to the right and to the left.
Observers of the Tao do not seek fulfilment.
The Tao alone nourishes and brings everything to fulfillment.
The Tao of the sage is work without effort.
Why does everyone like the Tao so much at first?
The Tao welcomes you.
water being the Taoist symbol for the unassertive (AW);
The Tao of heaven is like the bending of a bow.
And though the body dies, the Tao will never pass away.
Tao Te Ching (Lao Tzu) - A Comparative Study
The wise student hears of the Tao and practises it diligently.
