According to followers of the Tao,
All things arise from Tao.
And though the body dies, the Tao will never pass away.
Approach the universe with Tao,
Being at one with the Tao is eternal.
Being divine, you will be at one with the Tao.
But a description of the Tao seems without substance or flavor.
But remain still and offered the Tao.
Call it Tao.
Everyone under heaven says that my Tao is great and beyond compare.
Heaven follows the Tao.
He who follows the Tao
If there were no laughter, the Tao would not be what it is.
iniquity. To the Taoists the low ground is the dwelling place of the Tao.
In the beginning those who knew the Tao did not try to enlighten others,
In the pursuit of Tao, every day something is dropped.
is at one with the Tao.
It flows in places men reject and so is like the Tao.
It flows in places men reject and so is like the Tao.
Knowing the ancient beginning is the essence of Tao.
Knowledge of the future is only a flowery trapping of the Tao.
Observers of the Tao do not seek fulfilment.
Only the man of Tao.
Respect of Tao and honour of Virtue are not demanded,
Returning is the motion of the Tao.
Stay with the ancient Tao,
Tao abides in non-action,
Tao follows what is natural.
Tao in the world is like a river flowing home to the sea.
Tao is the source of the ten thousand things.
Tao Te Ching (Lao Tzu) - A Comparative Study
That which goes against the Tao
The average student hears of the Tao and gives it thought now and again.
The foolish student hears of the Tao and laughs aloud.
The greatest Virtue is to follow Tao and Tao alone.
The great Tao flows everywhere, both to the right and to the left.
Therefore all things arise from Tao.
Therefore followers of the Tao avoid them.
Therefore followers of the Tao never used them.
Therefore, "Tao is great;
Therefore when Tao is lost, there is goodness.
The Tao alone nourishes and brings everything to fulfillment.
The Tao begot one.
The Tao is an empty vessel; it is used, but never filled.
The Tao is elusive and intangible.
The Tao is forever undefined.
The Tao is hidden and without name.
The Tao of heaven does not strive, and yet it overcomes.
The Tao of heaven is impartial.
The Tao of heaven is like the bending of a bow.
The Tao of heaven is pointed but does no harm.
The Tao of heaven is to take from those who have too much
The Tao of long life and eternal vision.
The Tao of the sage is work without effort.
The Tao that can be told is not the eternal Tao.
The Tao welcomes you.
The wise student hears of the Tao and practises it diligently.
This is certainly not the way of Tao.
This is not the way of Tao.
This is not the way of Tao.
Thus the ten thousand things all respect Tao and honour Virtue.
water being the Taoist symbol for the unassertive (AW);
Whatever is contrary to Tao will not last long.
Whenever you advise a ruler in the way of Tao,
When the great Tao is forgotten,
When the Tao is absent from the universe,
When the Tao is present in the universe,
When you are at one with the Tao,
Why does everyone like the Tao so much at first?
Yielding is the way of the Tao.
